No way, Claud, 20's too many.
You gotta cut it down.
Cut what down?
What are we
talking about?
P-A-R-T-Y list.
What party?
Yeah, what party?
Bailey.
He said "potty," O.
B-I-R-T-H-D-A-Y,
this Saturday.
Oh, right.
Man, I totally forgot.
I'm stunned.
CHARLIE: Is it too much to ask
that we have
an attitude-free dinner?
Whatever you want.
You're the boss.
Okay, okay.
How is tomorrow for everyone?
For what?
Duh, P-A-R-T-Y's don't just
plan themselves, you know.
I mean, first a C-A-K-E,
and the bakery's next to a store
where we can get the T-O-Y's
and stuff.
Are you thinking we're
gonna all do this together?
Yeah. It'll be fun.
It'll be like
a-a family project.
But we have to be back by 3:00
to interview the C-L-O-W-N.
We have to interview the clown?
Julia. Ugh.
S-O-R-R-Y.
Grace has her day off tomorrow.
I told her we'd spend it
together.
Why don't we just
divvy up the jobs
and do 'em all
on our own time?
I'm all over that.
No, no, no, no.
See, the point was for us
to do this together.
I'll do the C-A-K-E.
I'll take the T-O-Y's
and stuff.
That leaves you the C-L-O-W-N.
JULIA: That's fitting.
BAILEY: Shut up, Julia.
Here.
What's your problem?
I just--
I wanted us all to do something
fun together for a change.
What do you call this?
[THE BODEANS' "CLOSER TO FIVE"
PLAYING]
* Everybody wants to live *
* Like they wanna live *
* And everybody wants to love *
* Like they wanna love *
* Everybody wants to be *
* Closer to free-ee-ee-ee *
* Closer to free *
[MACHINERY BUZZING,
ROCK MUSIC PLAYING OVER STEREO]
You know how
in Henry James novels
when a character hits maturity,
he takes a grand tour of Europe?
No.
But I'll take your word for it.
Well, I've been trying
to figure out what I'm gonna do
after I graduate,
and I think--
Well, I think
I'm gonna do that.
You're gonna take
a grand tour?
Well, more like a baby grand.
I'm gonna buy a backpack
and a Eurail pass
and travel till
my money runs out.
How long is that?
I don't know.
No more than 3 months.
What? Wait.
What about the stuff
that we were gonna do together
this summer?
What stuff?
Have we talked about
doing stuff?
Well, no, not--
Not, like, verbally,
but that doesn't mean...
Man, three months without you.
That, um...
You know what?
You should come.
[LAUGHS]
What?
To Europe?
Yeah.
With you?
Yeah, it's a great idea.
You, me, cafés, beaches.
Oh, Jule, uh--
Look, I-- I would love to,
but this is a huge remodel
I just started.
Oh, come on, remodel shmemodel.
Did you know there
is a bridge in Venice,
if you kiss underneath it,
your love lasts forever?
[LAUGHS]
When did you wanna go?
[GIGGLES]
Excuse me, I-- I'm looking for,
uh, sing-along tapes for kids.
Anything but Barney.
Ooh, Barney backlash.
Thanks.
If those tapes are for you,
I am going to kill myself.
[CLAUDIA LAUGHS,
AVERY GRUNTS]
Avery, hi.
A birthday present
for my little brother.
This is for me.
Uh-huh. Uh-huh.
Oh, the Grieg.
Oh, yes, yes.
You will do very well with this.
You think?
Yes, I do.
But I'll tell you what.
Don't buy it.
I will loan you my copy.
Really?
Mm-hm.
Wow, great. Thanks.
Maybe-- Maybe I could come
pick it up right now.
You know, we could hang out.
Catch up.
Oh, I would love to.
But I'm actually spending
the afternoon with my son.
Wait. You have a son?
I never knew that.
Well, I thought I-- Yeah.
Well-- Yeah, yeah. Marcus.
He's 14.
He was living in L.A.
with his mother.
And, well, things weren't
working out, so...
Really?
So, I mean, did he just get up
here, like-- Like recently?
Well, a month ago.
He's still settling in.
Why don't--?
Why don't I show him around?
I've lived here my whole life.
I know all
the cool stuff to do.
You don't have do that.
No, no, no, no.
I want to. I mean it.
I mean, I think it'd be fun.
I would be
an excellent tour guide.
All right, you're hired.
[LAUGHS]
Explain to me the logic of going
all the way up a mountain
and then turning around
and coming right back down.
That's what
hiking is, Charlie.
[LAUGHS]
CHARLIE:
Hey, Bay.
Taking out a loan?
No. I need C-A-S-H
for the C-L-O-W-N.
Gotta get to the bank.
Oh, um, Grace's parents called.
They said
they were in the area,
and they wanna take you guys
to dinner tonight.
CHARLIE: Oh, great.
GRACE: What?
Yeah. Call them at your sister's
to tell them when and where.
Oh, my God.
CHARLIE: Wait,
I'm supposed
to have Owen tonight.
I need you to cover.
What about Julia?
Julia doesn't owe me. You do.
No, Bailey.
It's okay, really.
Well, I am behind
in a couple classes.
Probably do me good to stay in.
So when? 7?
Cool.
Not cool, Charlie,
not cool at all.
[CHUCKLES]
What's the problem?
This will be fun.
Wow, I really haven't given you
a clear picture of them, have I?
Nothing I've done since I
decided not to go to law school,
nothing has been acceptable
to them.
Not my jobs, not my apartments,
and certainly not my boyfriends.
Maybe they were
right about that.
Maybe everyone before me
was a great big loser.
Don't take their side.
[CHUCKLES]
Okay.
Parents in,
sense of humor out.
I'm sorry.
It's-- It's just--
It's gonna be a nightmare.
Well, maybe not.
Maybe they just wanna see
what kind of guy I am.
They already know. The Not-Good-
Enough-For-Their-Daughter kind.
[SIGHS]
[DOOR OPENS, KEYS JINGLING]
Marcus, hup-hup!
I have a friend
I would like you to meet.
Claudia,
this is my son Marcus.
Hi.
Hey.
I'll be right back.
So, Marcus...
What school are you in?
It's Mark.
Oh, I-- I thought he said--
He's the only one
that calls me that.
How do you know him, anyway?
I play the violin,
so through that, kind of.
Do you play anything?
Basketball.
But I got up here
in the middle of the season.
I meant music.
An instrument?
Oh.
No.
Do you wanna watch videos?
Sure.
[MARCUS SIGHS]
[ROCK MUSIC PLAYING OVER TV]
Oh, why don't we
turn that off, hm?
It's not to Claudia's taste.
Oh, no. It's okay.
[MUSIC STOPS]
And while I'm thinking of it,
why don't I get you that Grieg?
It's around here somewhere.
Is this--?
Wh-where is this from?
AVERY:
Well, that's the first time
that your mother and I
played in New York.
Wow, look--
Look how young you both were.
Mm, yeah, actually, I have
a recording of that concert.
Would you like to hear it?
Are you kidding?
Sure.
All right, great. It's in here.
[SIGHS]
[ROCK MUSIC PLAYING]
OWEN: Bam!
Oh, God, Owen.
I'm sorry.
He's usually so well-behaved
in restaurants.
Must be way past his bedtime.
[OWEN SHOUTING]
Uh, do you want a little pie,
Owen?
No.
So, um, back to your
Russian trip.
What were we talking about?
Uh, goulash, was it?
Let go. Put me down.
Ha-ha! Gulags.
Soviet political prisons.
[CHUCKLES]
Of course. Heh-heh!
MARTIN:
They usually don't let you
anywhere near them.
But this fellow I knew
back in D.C. is in the Embassy.
Excuse me, excuse me.
Louie, did Bailey
call back yet?
Uh, nope, not yet.
OWEN: I'm tired.
I'm sorry, go on.
Is that like him
to not show up?
No, no. He's usually-- Heh-heh.
--very reliable.
But, uh, I don't know.
I'm sure there's nothing--
I'm-- I'm sure he's fine.
Ow! Owen, God.
I wanna go home.
Well, just sit tight,
all right?
He seems really tired, Charlie.
CHARLIE: No, he'll--
I wanna go home.
He'll settle down here
in a minute.
Maybe we should save this story
for another time.
Uh, waiter?
Could we have the check, please?
No, Martin, this is--
This is on the house.
Oh, no. Mm-mm.
OWEN: Wanna go home.
I know how rough
the restaurant business is.
I won't have you going belly-up
because of me.
[BANGING]
[DOOR OPENS THEN CLOSES]
CHARLIE:
Now, go put your p.j.'s on,
okay, O?
[SIGHS]
Bailey call?
No.
[PHONE DIALING]
What you looking up?
[PHONE RINGING]
France, Italy, Spain, Greece.
Term paper?
Mm-mm. A graduation present
for myself, a trip to Europe.
Great idea.
Damn.
So who you gonna go with, Sarah?
Oh, no way.
I don't wanna hear it.
Hey, guys, want some tea?
I'm boiling water.
Julia's going to Europe
with Sam.
You're kidding.
No.
Why is that so unbelievable?
You mean, aside
from the fact that he's 24
and you're a minor?
That's actually illegal,
isn't it?
I'll be 18 by then.
And why are you even
in this conversation?
You're not a member
of this family.
Look, Charlie
addressed me, so--
Well, he shouldn't have.
My plans are not your business.
You know what, Charlie? They
aren't yours either.
[KETTLE WHISTLING]
[RINGING]
[LAUGHTER]
BOY: You got your brewskies...?
Yeah?
Oh, hi, Charlie.
Uh, no, uh-uh. He's not.
[BOTTLES CLINKING]
Hey, could you grab me one?
Um, yeah, sure.
I'll tell him, but, uh,
it might be kinda late, though.
'Cause I just left him
at this party,
and he seemed like he was having
a pretty good time.
[LAUGHS]
CHARLIE:
All right, thanks anyway.
[BEEPS OFF]
[SIGHS]
[GRUNTS]
I don't wanna see you.
Look, I know you're pissed.
I don't wanna hear it.
And I don't care
what your excuse is.
I don't have one.
I screwed up, period.
And I'm sorry.
I'm really sorry.
I just thought that I would--
I would stop by this party,
and when I got there,
I kinda spaced it. And I swear,
if-- If I could do it again--
You can't.
I know, I know.
I-I know I can't.
I'm a jerk. I'm an--
I'm an idiot.
No argument here.
And what kills me
is that I know how important
last night was to you,
and I really wanted to help you.
And I just..
God, I just-- I just blew it.
Well, look, Bay,
maybe you should, you know--
Instead of beating yourself up
over this,
maybe you should just
learn from it.
You know? Think of it as a--
As a wake-up call.
Well, that's what it is,
man, bigtime.
I'm awake.
[SIGHS]
Drink this.
[GLASS CLINKING]
You look like hell.
I swear, if I say "stop"
he'll automatically say "go"
just to disagree with me.
What do you want me to say?
You know how I feel about him.
You're on my--
Then he lets Grace
in on the conversation
like she's some member
of the family,
like she gets a vote.
Yeah? What'd she say?
She said it would be illegal
for us to travel together.
Illegal.
Can you believe that?
She doesn't even know
when my birthday is.
You gotta admit, if there's one
thing those people know about,
it's the ins and outs
of the legal system.
What?
You ready to go?
I'm gonna be late.
Uh, okay.
Yeah, sure.
Is this some sort of clown joke
or something?
What could you possibly do
in two hours
that's worth 250 bucks?
Plenty. I juggle.
I do magic tricks,
balloon animals.
Oh, new friend?
Callie, Coco.
Coco, Callie.
How you doing?
[SIGHS]
Okay, what if we
bag the balloon animals?
What does that save us?
Twenty-five bucks.
Well, then what if we
go without magic tricks?
Bad idea.
The kids like the magic.
Okay, but what if?
Another 25, I guess.
That's not good enough.
Look, I'm a businessman,
and I got another job to get to.
Come on, Coco,
work with me here.
I got 80 bucks.
Eighty bucks?
For 80 bucks you can go rent
your own damn clown suit.
I gotta go.
[SIGHS]
Now, that was a pitiful display.
What? I'm in a bind here.
Isn't this, like, a family
thing?
Why can't they
just give you money?
They did. Remember that round
I bought at the bar last night
for, like, 12 people?
You bought a round with
your brother's clown money?
Hey, how was I supposed to know
clowns were so expensive?
Yeah, I need a clown
for under 80 bucks. Talk to me.
[JULIA SIGHS]
"Those people."
He actually said
"those people."
Well, wait. I mean,
how exactly did he say it?
I was complaining
about Grace saying
that our trip
might be illegal.
And he said something like,
"Those people know a lot about
the legal system."
Those people mean blacks,
right?
Like, a blacks
and crime thing?
Well, no, not necessarily.
You know, maybe--
Maybe he meant, like--
Like homeless advocates.
You know, people who do
her kind of work.
I don't think so. He was
snickering like it was a joke.
People don't joke about
homeless advocates.
WOMAN:
There you are.
"Happy anniversary,
Leo and Ted?"
Not you?
Try "Happy birthday, Owen."
Owen, okay.
You know, I-I just think
there's gotta be
another explanation.
Well, I'll tell you what.
When you come up with it,
you let me know.
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
Thanks.
I'm carrying like 40 pounds
of sugar and lard here.
[GRUNTS]
Where you going? I thought we
were cleaning the yard together?
[DOORBELL RINGS]
Yeah, like I'm dying
to listen to you guys
fight more.
Oh, we already have a religion,
thank you.
Oh, no, no.
[CHUCKLES]
We're, um--
Mom, Dad, what are you
doing here?
We came to see
where you live, honey.
Okay.
Well, this is it.
And, yes,
it's always this messy.
This is a beautiful house.
Spare me the niceties, Dad.
Just cut to the chase.
I'm making a huge mistake.
This one's as bad
as all the others. Blah, blah.
You know what?
I don't care what you think.
Grace, honey, relax.
We like Charlie.
He seems
like a great guy.
But even more important,
you look great.
Like you finally realized
you don't have to suffer
to be happy.
CHARLIE:
Grace!
Have you seen my--? Oh.
ROSE:
Hi.
Rose, Martin.
My wife and I decided
to, uh, forget our manners
and drop in unannounced.
No problem.
Um, listen, I'm sorry
about last night. It was, uh--
No apologies necessary.
We have three children.
We have been there.
[ALL LAUGHING]
Um, did Grace
show you around already?
Um, no, but--
Well, let me give you
the 5 cent tour.
Okay.
CHARLIE: It's kinda messy.
Hey, at least there aren't
any bullet holes in the door
like her last place.
There weren't--
ROSE:
We're glad to have her out of
that neighborhood.
See?
I'm not the only one.
This is the living room.
MARTIN: It's nice, huh?
So, what needs doing
out here?
You could mow the lawn.
Hey, Julia,
hang on a second.
I gotta ask you something.
I'm going nuts
with this clown thing.
Turns out they're way more
expensive than Charlie thought.
How stupid do you think I am?
What?
I already loaned you 50 bucks.
Remember?
And tried to help you get a job
and you completely blew it.
So if you think you can just
waltz in here scot-free and--
Whoa, whoa, whoa. Now,
hold it, hold it, hang on.
I don't.
Look, I know how I handled
the Sam job thing was...
bad.
It's just
that he came at me
with all these crazy
accusations,
but-- But I know, I handled it
wrong. So I'm sorry.
You should be.
And the truth is I've handled
a lot of stuff wrong lately.
I've just been--
Well, you and Sarah were right.
I've been kinda out of control.
Really?
You--? You think that?
'Cause--
I know. I know.
I was really defensive
when you guys brought it up,
but I've been
thinking about it, and--
And yeah.
Yeah, way too much partying.
So I'm gonna
pull myself together
and not drink for a while.
'Cause-- 'Cause I was getting
pretty sloppy there.
Hm.
I'm...really glad to hear
you say that, Bay,
'cause it kinda felt
like you were disappearing.
Well, yeah, but that's you.
You do that. You take
one little bad thing
and blow it up
into some major syndrome.
Hm.
I do do that, don't I?
Get judgmental
really quickly.
It's okay.
Keeps you human.
Hey, Bay, um,
how much was it you needed?
I'm not interrupting
anything, am I?
No, Marcus and I were
just talking about dinner.
Okay,
I know it's late notice.
But, Ross, he has tickets
to a chamber music series.
And he couldn't use them,
so he gave them to me.
He only had two, but I called
and they still have seats.
Oh, what a great idea.
We can go to the concert,
then we can go to dinner.
There's this cool Japanese
restaurant right by the theater
where the sushi floats by you
on little boats.
I know that place.
It's terrific.
Marcus,
what do you think?
I don't really like sushi.
Oh, well, we don't
have to go there.
I mean, there are plenty
of other places.
No, it's okay.
I don't wanna go
to the concert either.
So you go.
Marcus, don't be sullen.
This is a very nice offer.
I'm not.
I just can't go.
I-I-- I told Mom
that I'd call her tonight.
You go.
Well, uh, wh-what'll you do
about dinner?
I'm 14, Dad.
I can make my own dinner.
Uh...
I-I'll get my coat.
SAM:
The thing I said earlier?
You know, I said
a lot of things earlier.
You're gonna have to be
more specific.
Well, I don't remember
word for word, but--
This is good.
Aluminum frame.
You could lug this around
for a few months, right?
I-- I was whining about Grace,
and you said something like:
"Those people know a lot
about the legal system."
Oh, right.
Yeah, that was a joke.
Here, you gotta
try it on to see.
So when you said
"those people,"
you meant blacks?
Right.
So it was a joke about
how blacks are criminals?
Oh, it's not like I think
all blacks are criminals.
I'm sure lots aren't.
Most.
Most aren't.
Whatever. Most.
It's a big difference.
Fine.
What--? What is your point?
That I'm a racist?
'Cause I'm not.
I got, like, three black guys
working for me, so--
Look, I'm not attacking you.
I just wanna know how you feel.
'Cause for me, I don't think
that race should be an issue.
You don't think
there's any difference
between blacks and whites?
No.
So when you're driving through
the tenderloin at night
and you lock your doors,
what's that about?
That's not because
it's a black neighborhood.
It's because
it's an unsafe neighborhood.
Oh, so you lock your doors
in unsafe
white neighborhoods too?
Hard to say, right?
It's 'cause there aren't any.
[SCOFFS]
That is not true.
And besides,
it's more complicated than that.
Oh, of course it is.
Look, this is a stupid thing
to fight about.
I-I-- I'm sorry if the joke
made you uncomfortable.
I won't make
jokes like that anymore.
Okay?
Hey, check it out.
Daypack inserts.
We should get some of those.
[SIREN WAILING IN DISTANCE]
[COINS JINGLING]
[COIN DROPS]
[***]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[SHOWER RUNNING, CALLIE GIGGLES]
CALLIE:
You know, you wouldn't have
believed this party last night.
I mean, it was pretty normal,
you know,
and then for some weird reason,
Chris Isaak shows up.
You know, the singer?
And someone had a guitar.
So Chris Isaak borrows it,
and he starts
singing camp songs, you know?
Like, um-- Like-- Like"John
Jacob Jingleheimer Schmidt."
And then-- And then someone dug
up chocolate and marshmallows.
So at 3 a.m., okay?
We're sitting in the kitchen
making s'mores,
singing "B-I-N-G-O"
with Chris Isaak.
It was so fun.
You totally should have come.
What were you doing, anyway?
Working?
[BAILEY SIGHS]
How do your parents
take their coffee?
With milk,
both of them, why?
What the hell
are they doing here?
They called to see if we needed
any help with the party.
We don't. You said last night we
have everything under control.
I know. But they're
just trying to be nice, so--
No, they're not.
They're casing the joint.
[LAUGHS]
Look, just you watch.
In a week, my mother will send
fabric swatches
offering to make new curtains
for the living room.
No, thanks.
No, hang on. What are you doing?
I'm telling them
to leave.
Whoa! No, look, I--
I shouldn't have said they could
stop by without asking you.
But you can't
kick them out.
I kick them
out of my place all the time.
It's the only way
to get them to leave.
No, uh-uh, look, I--
I like them, so--
You don't even know them. And
they don't know you.
This whole
liking each other thing--
You do know you're
sounding insane, right?
Forget it. Bring them coffee.
Throw in a cookie or two.
Kiss their butts, whatever.
[CHATTERING, SHOUTING,
CHILDREN'S MUSIC PLAYING]
Oh, careful there.
Boo-- Oh.
[HUMMING]
[LAUGHS]
JULIA:
Okay, well, if he gets home
tell him that he and a clown
were due here an hour ago.
[PHONE BEEPS OFF]
He'll be here.
I had a long talk
with him yesterday.
It'll be fine.
[DOORBELL RINGS]
Finally.
Oh, you're not a clown.
Glad you think so.
But I--?
I thought you had to work?
Remodel, shmemodel.
They're gonna beep me
if they need me.
Give me a kiss.
Twist, twist, twist.
[BLOWS]
It's gone.
[CHILDREN CHEERING]
He used to do that for our girls
when they were little.
I bet Grace was adorable
as a kid.
Oh, you said
the magic words.
Really? Bring 'em on. Heh-heh!
[CHUCKLES]
Oh. Oh, she was
about 5 years old there.
Beautiful.
Yeah.
You know what?
Every summer Martin
and I take a place in Carmel.
You and Grace should come up
and visit us for a week.
That sounds like fun, Rose.
We'll see if we can swing it.
Good. Heh-heh!
Um, Rose, I'll--
I'll be back in one second.
Okay?
Okay.
What'd I do wrong?
Am I being too nice?
Is that it? You think
I'm kissing up to them?
No, you're not.
That's the problem.
You're just being you.
Right.
Okay, that's the problem.
I'll just start
being someone else.
No, wait. Look, it's...
[SIGHS]
In my whole life I've been
struggling to find a me
that's different than them.
Honestly, it's like...
My meter for making decisions:
If they object, do it.
Then all of a sudden,
I fall in love with you.
And outta nowhere,
they decide
it's the best idea
they've ever heard.
So?
So they're out there right now
thinking they've won.
Thinking I've stepped in line
and I've decided to behave
or something. It's just...
[SIGHS]
Look, I know that's
not what's going on here,
and you know it.
What's the harm in letting them
think that they've won
just this once?
Well, the harm is...
The harm is...
The harm is it bugs me.
Look, I know I'm being
a baby about this.
But can't you just let me
do that just this once?
Just this once.
Cake time.
[SLURRING]
Hey, I'm in here.
Bailey, what are you--?
I thought you were
hiring a clown.
Clowns are expensive.
And very hard to book
at the last minute.
"Nope, I can't do it."
"Sorry, I'm busy." Jerks.
Are you okay? Maybe you should--
You know what, Grace?
You tell too many people
what to do.
Maybe if you were
less of a bitch,
more people would like you.
There. You see?
You can't even see it.
SAM:
Right.
That's one punch and one soda.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
[PAGER BEEPS]
Whoops.
Oh, that's the site.
I'd love to stay and talk,
but I gotta get back to work.
ROSE:
Oh, that's okay.
You have
your own business.
Right, which means instead
of working a 40-hour week
for someone else, I work
a 100-hour week for myself.
[MARTIN CHUCKLES]
SAM:
It's crazy, huh?
Well, it was nice
meeting you both.
You too.
Bye-bye.
We should have Grace's mom take
a picture of all five of us,
since... Well, we haven't had
our picture taken together
in a while, so...
Hee! Bailey.
Hey, what the hell--?
Every clown was booked.
[LAUGHS]
This whole thing's
been a major hassle,
and I don't need to hear about
it from either of you.
Sorry.
Give me this.
[SHOES SQUEAKING]
[CLAUDIA LAUGHS]
So you feeling better?
About what?
Oh, man, you didn't see?
I was a saint
to those people.
I brought 'em drinks,
chatted with 'em.
[SIGHS]
I'll try and swing by
after work, okay?
CROWD:
* Happy birthday to you *
* Happy birthday, dear Owen *
[ALL CHEERING]
Well, that pretty much sucked.
[BLOWING]
WOMAN:
Blow it out...
Yeah!
[CHEERING]
Whoa!
Bailey.
Who the hell put that there?
What's going on?
CHARLIE: He's ripped.
Oh, my God.
He--? He's what?
Drunk. Really drunk.
Okay, so it's a little
messed up,
but it's more fun
that way, right?
Hey, what did you expect?!
I never done this before.
You expect a first-time clown
not to make any mistakes?
Huh?!
[SOBBING]
I want my mom.
Oh, God, don't cry.
He's crying!
Bay, come on,
let's get outta here.
I'm talking to my friend, here.
I'm teaching him
how to be a man.
CHARLIE:
Bay, I said, come on.
BAILEY:
I said, I'm talking!
Charlie.
Oh, my God.
[***]
Charlie, are you okay?
I'm fine.
It was-- He pushed...
It was an accident.
The hell with all you.
WOMAN:
I think it's time to go.
MAN:
I think that's a good idea.
Bay?
Are--? Are you gonna be okay?
Get out.
Come on, Bay, please.
Please don't be like this.
Y-you're just up-- Upset
or something.
I'm not upset.
I just don't wanna hear
your stupid whiny voice!
Now get the hell out!
[INHALES SHARPLY]
[***]
I put him in Owen's room.
He's out.
They'll be talking about
this one at the sandbox, huh?
[***]
Oh, man.
Wake up, Bailey.
Look at my new hat.
Wake up.
Well, I'm really sorry
about all this.
You've got nothing
to apologize for, Charlie.
You know, Charlie,
my sister-in-law
had this problem.
I did a lot of research
into treatment.
Treatment?
For alcoholism.
[CHUCKLES LIGHTLY]
Look, Bay's-- He's not a--
He's just a...
He's a kid in college.
I don't think so, Charlie.
Okay. Look, you've just met him.
I've known him
his whole life, so...
Um...
Well, drive carefully.
Sarah.
Oh, Julia,
I didn't see you.
Here, this is for Owen.
I figured if I came by late
that, you know,
the odds of my running
into Bailey
were significantly diminished,
so...
Hey, are you crying?
Yeah.
What--? What happened?
Everything...
is just so screwed up.
Okay, can--? Can you be, like,
a little more specific?
Bailey.
He ruined Owen's party.
It was just awful.
My God.
Was he drunk?
You know,
for five minutes yesterday
he was himself.
And then he drinks,
and he just turns into this...
[***]
God, Sarah.
It's really bad,
isn't it?
Is he still here?
Yeah, he's passed out.
He was right--
He must have woken up.
Charlie!
Damn it.
What?
His jeep is gone.
He's gone.
[SIGHS]
Hi, Marcus.
Mark.
I was just--
He's not here.
Oh.
Well, is he gonna
be back soon?
He's just out, okay?
Do you have to know
his whole schedule?
I'll...
I'll come back later.
Oh, great.
Why don't you come back
when it's just him and me
so he'll have someone
interesting to talk to?
I didn't mean to...
intrude.
Wow.
You do it without even trying.
You must be one
of those gifted kids.
No wonder he likes you so much.
[CRYING]
Oh, God.
Don't.
L-look...
[SIGHS]
...I'm sorry.
I'm not crying about you,
you stupid idiot.
I couldn't care less about you.
It's just my whole
family, it's--
They're falling apart,
and I-- I don't know what...
[INHALES SHARPLY]
What am I supposed to do?
There's a Tricky Rock Block
playing.
Do you wanna come in
and watch?
Hey, is, uh, Julia around?
Yeah, she's out back.
Hi.
What's the matter?
Did I do something?
Yeah, you-- You did.
And I know that you probably
think that you-- You didn't.
I know you-- It was probably
just another joke or something.
Oh, man, not this again.
God, Julia, there is nothing
wrong with joking a little.
I-I know you think that.
And I-I can't convince you
that-- That how you are
or-- Or how you think, that--
That it's bad.
It's just...
for me, I know it is.
And...
I don't know how to be with
someone who thinks that way.
So...
Hey, wait. Jule--
No, I-I feel sick, Sam.
When I let the things that you
said run around in my head,
I feel ill.
S-so...
what?
Are you ending this?
'Cause that-- That--
That's insane.
Julia, to just casually
end a relationship--
You think this is casual?
You did so much for me, Sam.
You, like, walked into my life,
and you-- You turned it into
something better, and that's--
That is an amazing thing
to do for someone.
And then,
just by being this way,
how you are,
who you are,
y-you took that away.
I think you should go.
This is...
This is not us here.
This is an argument about
a stupid moral or ethical--
I-I don't know, a political
thing. It is nothing.
I just told you
that I care about this.
Don't call it nothing.
Julia--
I-I really--
I really think you should go.
[***]
Sam left?
Yeah.
I told him to.
Why?
You mean because of...?
So is it--?
Is that it?
I'm sorry.
[***]
You know, if there's-- There's
something so awful in someone,
something you know
you can't live with,
it should erase
all the good things.
Yeah, I know.
It should make it easy
to walk away.
[DISHES CLINKING]
You and I are gonna write notes
to all your friends
and thank them for the presents,
'cause that's what you do
when someone does
something nice for you.
Thank you.
Just like that.
[IMITATING MOTOR]
When did you get back?
Just.
I dropped them off
at the station.
Mom took more pictures.
Dad cried.
The whole routine.
I see what you were saying
now about them.
About how they stick their noses
in when they don't belong.
[SCOFFS]
Man, your dad.
Who did he think he was
going on about Bailey like that?
Yeah. None of his business.
But, um...
for the record, I'm sorry,
but I think he's right.
[SCOFFS]
Are you kidding me?
Grace, he-- He's in college.
He's a freshman.
He's got, like, crappy judgment
and all that,
but he's not a...
He's exactly like I was then.
Did you ever hit anyone in your
family? 'Cause he hit you.
Look, all I know is that I've
been out of control like that.
I was like that.
He's just--
He's just doing what I did.
JULIA:
No.
Charlie, he's different.
You drank, a lot,
but you were always you.
[SIGHS]
[PHONE RINGS]
[PHONE BEEPS]
Bailey?
Okay.
Thanks for calling back.
[PHONE BEEPS OFF]
It was Callie.
She hasn't seen him.
And his car's
not there either.
But, uh, she's gonna
have him call us
as soon as he gets in.
[***]
He'll call.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org